

#### Web 前端安全 ####

#####1. JSONP (JSON with Padding)#####
#
[Great Explanation!](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3839966/can-anyone-explain-what-jsonp-is-in-layman-terms)
    
JSONP (as in "JSON with Padding") is a method commonly used to bypass the cross-domain policies in web browsers (you are not allowed to make AJAX requests to a webpage perceived to be on a different server by the browser).

JSON and JSONP behave differently on both the client and the server. JSONP requests are not dispatched using the XMLHTTPRequest (and the associated browser methods), instead a &lt;script> tag is created, whose source is set to the target URL. This script tag is then added to the DOM (normally the <head>).

    JSON Request:

    var xhr = new XMLHttpRequest();

    xhr.onreadystatechange = function () {
      if (xhr.readyState == 4 && xhr.status == 200) {
     // success
      };
    };

    xhr.open("GET", "somewhere.php", true);
    xhr.send();
    JSONP Request:

    var tag = document.createElement("script");
    tag.src = 'somewhere_else.php?callback=foo';

    document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(tag);

The difference between a JSON response and a JSONP response, is that the JSONP response is formulated such that the response object is passed as an argument to a callback function.

    JSON:

    {
        "bar": "baz"
    }
    JSONP:

    foo({
        "bar": "baz"
    });

This is why you see JSONP requests containing the "callback" parameter; so the server knows the name of the function to wrap the response around.

This function must exist in the global scope at the time the  &lt;script> tag is evaluated by the browser (once the request has completed).

Another difference to be aware of between the handling of a JSON response and a JSONP response, is that any parse errors in a JSON response can potentially be caught (by wrapping the attempt to evaluate the responseText in a try/catch statement). Because of the nature of a JSONP response however, parse errors in the response will yield an uncatchable JS Parse error. Both formats however, can implement timeout errors (by setting a timeout before initiating the request, and clearing the timeout in the response handler.

The usefulness of using jQuery to make JSONP requests, is that jQuery does alllllllll of the work for you in the background.

jQuery requires (by default), for you to include &callback=? in the URL of your AJAX request. jQuery will take the success function you specify, assign it a unique name and publish it in the global scope. It will then replace the ? in &callback=? with the name it's just assigned the function.

    Comparable JSON/ JSONP Implementations (assuming response object is {"bar":"baz"}:

    JSON

    var xhr = new XMLHttpRequest();

    xhr.onreadystatechange = function () {
      if (xhr.readyState == 4 && xhr.status == 200) {
        document.getElementById("output").innerHTML = eval('(' + this.responseText + ')').bar;
      };
    };

    xhr.open("GET", "somewhere.php", true);
    xhr.send();
    JSONP:

    function foo(response) {
      document.getElementById("output").innerHTML = response.bar;
    };

    var tag = document.createElement("script");
    tag.src = 'somewhere_else.php?callback=foo';

    document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(tag);


#####2. https#####

域名和IP是怎么管理的？

[How to get HTTPS](http://www.howto-expert.com/how-to-get-https-setting-up-ssl-on-your-website/)  
SSL (secure socket layers)

[A few clarifications](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/17958248/the-proper-way-of-implementing-user-login-system):

1. Don't use MD5. It's considered broken. Use SHA but I'd recommend something a little better than SHA1. - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MD5
2. You don't mention anything about salting the password. This is essential to protect against Rainbow tables. - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rainbow_tables
3. The idea of salting/hashing passwords isn't really to protect your own application. It's because most users have a few passwords that they use for a multitude of sites. Hashing/salting prevents anyone who gains access to your database from learning what these passwords are and using them to log into their banking application or something similar. Once someone gains direct access to the database your application's security has already been fully compromised. - http://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2013/04/23/users-same-password-most-websites/
4. Don't use the database's built in security to handle your logins. It's hacky and gives them way more application access than they should have. Use a table.
5. You don't mention anything about SSL. Even a well designed authentication system is useless if the passwords are sent across the wire in plain text. There are other approaches like Challenge/Response but unfortunately the password still has to be sent in plain text to the server when the user registers or changes their password. SSL is the best way to prevent this.