
##### [Cache Abstraction](http://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/html/cache.html) #####

Just like other services in the Spring Framework, the caching service is an abstraction (not a cache implementation) and requires the use of an actual storage to store the cache data - that is, the abstraction frees the developer from having to write the caching logic but does not provide the actual stores. This abstraction is materialized by the org.springframework.cache.Cache and org.springframework.cache.CacheManager interfaces.

To use the cache abstraction, the developer needs to take care of two aspects:

caching declaration - identify the methods that need to be cached and their policy
cache configuration - the backing cache where the data is stored and read from

###### Cache vs Buffer ######
The terms "buffer" and "cache" tend to be used interchangeably; note however they represent different things. A buffer is used traditionally as an intermediate temporary store for data between a fast and a slow entity. As one party would have to wait for the other affecting performance, the buffer alleviates this by allowing entire blocks of data to move at once rather then in small chunks. The data is written and read only once from the buffer. Furthermore, the buffers are visible to at least one party which is aware of it.

A cache on the other hand by definition is hidden and neither party is aware that caching occurs.It as well improves performance but does that by allowing the same data to be read multiple times in a fast fashion.

A further explanation of the differences between two can be found [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cache_\(computing\)#The_difference_between_buffer_and_cache).

