#### change centos time zone ####

    date
    Thu Aug 25 03:26:32 CEST 2016

    ls -l /etc/localtime
    sudo unlink /etc/localtime
    sudo ln -s /usr/share/zoneinfo/Asia/Shanghai /etc/localtime

####[为什么linux 时区只有 上海、重庆、香港而没有北京呢](http://www.cnblogs.com/zhengyun_ustc/archive/2009/01/16/asia_beijing_timezone.html)####

####[RSS](https://www.zhihu.com/question/19580096)####

#### Mongodb ####

###### RDMS ######
Relational database management system

###### Database Schema ###### 

A database schema is the skeleton structure that represents the logical view of the entire database. It defines how the data is organized and how the relations among them are associated. It formulates all the constraints that are to be applied on the data.

####### Collection ######

Collection is a group of MongoDB documents. It is the equivalent of an RDBMS table. A collection exists within a single database. Collections do not enforce a schema. Documents within a collection can have different fields. Typically, all documents in a collection are of similar or related purpose.

###### Document ######

A document is a set of key-value pairs. Documents have dynamic schema. Dynamic schema means that documents in the same collection do not need to have the same set of fields or structure, and common fields in a collection's documents may hold different types of data.

###### _id ######

_id is a 12 bytes hexadecimal number which assures the uniqueness of every document. You can provide _id while inserting the document. If you didn't provide then MongoDB provide a unique id for every document. These 12 bytes first 4 bytes for the current timestamp, next 3 bytes for machine id, next 2 bytes for process id of mongodb server and remaining 3 bytes are simple incremental value.


#######[Install MongoDB in Centos](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-red-hat/#for-the-latest-stable-release-of-mongodb)######

    sudo service mongod start

    // ensure MongoDB will start following a system reboot
    sudo chkconfig mongod on

    mongo   
    db.help()



